This directory is used to test the following commands in the
RonDB management client:
activate
deactivate
hostname

These commands are used to make it possible to scale up and scale
down the number of replicas in a cluster even though NoOfReplicas
cannot be changed. This is performed by adding nodes to the configuration
that are currently not used. Since the hostname of those is not
necessarily known before the nodes are activated, there is also a
command to change the hostname of a node that is not currently active.

To execute those tests make a normal build by creating a build
directory, e.g. debug_build. Next compile RonDB. There is a set of
scripts for building RonDB in the build directory.

Before executing the test runs perform the following actions:
1) Create the environment variable TEST_ACTIVATE_PATH. Set this
variable to point to the debug_build/bin directory to ensure that
we use the correct ndb_mgmd and ndbmtd program and ndb_desc program.

2) Ensure that the directory $HOME/test_activate is not used for
any other purpose. This directory will be used for temporary
storage during the test.

3) Edit the config.ini to set the DataDir to a place that corresponds
to /home/username/test_activate/ndb.

Execute the test case with the command
./test_activate.sh

At the end of the test there is a comparison between the executed
test result and the result stored in the tree. If the result of
the execution was correct and differs from the stored result one
updates the test_activate.res file through the command:
cp test.res test_activate.res

The config.ini sets up active nodes to use the IP address 192.168.0.101.
This IP address should be replaced with an IP address of the machine
where the test is executed. The inactive nodes are set to use hostname
192.168.0.104, this IP address should be a correct IP address that should
not have any RonDB installation or even not even a computer.

So before testing the IP addresses in config.ini and the HOSTNAME_SERVER
in test_execute.sh to reflect the environment where the test is performed.

The diff will show differences in IP addresses and the RonDB version, but
no more differences should be seen.
